---
title: Product Update - v23.14
description: Details of the product update v23.14 from 12th of April 2023.
layout: rel
version: "23.14"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2023-04-12
redirect_from:
  - /releases/23.14.html
---

## IMPORTANT: New Releases Procedure
Kindly note that our release process is changing. In future, we will release updates once per month (in the last week of each month).
This change increases efficiency for the development teams and should not significantly influence delivery times for feature requests. In the current process, feature requests are groomed in 1 sprint, then implemented in the following sprint. In the new process, the grooming and implementation can be  executed within a single sprint.

>_Note: Additional releases are possible in case of any critical changes or urgent feature updates._ 

See compared diagram below

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2314/Releases compare.png" title="Releases compare" %}

## Features

### "Logs" page: add step name

We added the `Step Name` column next to the `Flow Name` on the Logs page. This makes it easier to isolate relevant logs during trouble shooting.

> _Note: While hovering on `Mapper` icon the tooltip will display information with steps interaction._

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2314/Logs.png" title="Logs" %}

### Transfer modal windows to the new styles: Transform UI for "History" page to React.

We applied a new design to the `History` tab on the Flow-Designer page and transfer it from ember to react

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2314/History.png" title="History" %}
## Fixed Bugs

*   **FIXED** bug `500 TimeoutError` on `GET v2/logs` in case of applying together multi-filtering and search
*   **FIXED** bug, that causes the Websocket for thread updates makes duplicate requests for Flows and Users

## Components

### [AMQP component](/components/amqp/) `1.4.2`

*   **ADDED** retry mechanism on connection errors
*   **ADDED** configuration fields to set retry options
*   **ADDED** `Don't encrypt payload` and `Content-Type` configuration fields to `Publish` action
*   **ADDED** `Don't decrypt payload` configuration field to `Consume` trigger
*   **UPDATED** the `Sailor` library version to 2.7.1
*   **UPDATED** the `amqplib` library version to 0.10.3
*   **FIXED** bug where the component has cloned connections in `Publish` action
*   **FIXED** issue with the shutdown hook in `Consume` trigger

### [Splitter component](/components/splitter/) `1.4.4`

*   **FIXED** bug while asynchronous polling with Splitter in `Re-assemble Messages` mode

### [Jira Cloud component](/components/jira-cloud/) `1.1.0`

*   **ADDED** `Lookup Object (at most one)` Action
*   **ADDED** `Upsert Object` Action
