---
title: Product Update - v23.19
description: Details of the product update v23.19 from 10th of May 2023.
layout: rel
version: "23.19"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2023-05-10
redirect_from:
  - /releases/23.19.html
---

## Changes in accessibility to the Recipe feature
Starting from the next release `22.23` the `Recipe` feature will be available for the tenant-level of subscription. For Enterprise subscriptions the `Recipe` feature will be available at additional cost.

_Note: If you are interested to use the Recipe feature functionality please contact [{{site.data.tenant.supportEmail}}](mailto:{{site.data.tenant.supportEmail}}) for details._

## New Features

### Ability to transform BigInteger values into a string

* We added a new `node_config` option `consume_raw_data` into the Flow's attributes as a configuration option. This parameter configures the parsing behaviour in the webhook step. If selected, the webhook step receives an input message in the raw structure.
    * [Updated API documentation page]({{site.data.tenant.apiDocsUri}}/docs/v2#/flows/post_flows)
* We added ability to enable `raw` in the Send Sample request.
* We added `Consume Raw Data` configuration for step in the `Advanced Settings` menu.

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2319/BigInt.png" title="BigInt" %}
{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2319/RawData.png" title="RawData" %}


### Service "Bran" will store container reason

With this feature request `GET v2/containers` now returns `reason` and `exit_code` attributes.
This is a part of the platform optimisation and extending of its capability to withstand a high load. For this reason, we are moving forward to remove the Runlog and use a new "Containers" page that will display related information.

### Additional fields in OAuth2
Some instagram services use unusual authorisation schemas, so we added a New Auth Client Type `oauth2_instagram`.

In the `component.json` of `REST API V2 component` you need to define the `scopes`, because `OAuthFieldView` does not allow to specify it in credentials. E.g.:
```
"authClientTypes": [
  "oauth2_instagram"
],
"credentials": {
  "fields": {
    "auth": {
      "required": false,
      "viewClass": "OAuthFieldView"
    }
  },
  "oauth2": {
    "scopes": ["user_profile", "user_media"]
  }
},
```
>_Note: `HTTPAuthView` does NOT support `oauth2_instagram` type._

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2319/Creds.png" title="Creds" %}

### Transfer modal windows to the new styles: Transform UI for "Summary" page to React.
We applied a new design to the `Summary` tab on the Flow-Designer page and transfer it from ember to react.

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2319/Summary.png" title="Summary" %}
## Fixed Bugs

*   **FIXED** bug `PATCH /v2/tenants/{tenant-id}/roles` makes changes in Database even if it fails.


## Components

### [Code component](/components/code/) `1.2.11`

*   **ADDED** `json-bigint` library

### [CSV component](/components/csv/) `3.2.0`

*   **ADDED** new config fields to `Read CSV attachment` action:
    * `Skip empty lines`
    * `Comment char`
*   **ADDED** new config fields to `Create CSV From Message Stream` and `Create CSV From JSON Array` actions:
    * `New line delimiter`
    * `Escape formulae`

### [Jira Cloud component](/components/jira-cloud/) `1.2.0`

*   **ADDED** `Delete Object` Action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Objects (plural)` Action
*   **ADDED** `Get New and Updated Objects Polling` Trigger

### [Microsoft Dynamics Business Central Component](/components/microsoft-dynamics-business-central/) `1.1.1`

*   **FIXED** Verify credentials fails
*   **UPDATED** the `Sailor` library version to 2.7.1

### [Marketo Component](/components/marketo/) `2.3.0`

*   **ADDED** Retry mechanism for requests to Marketo
*   **UPDATED** Trigger `Get New Leads Polling`:
    * **ADDED** `Emit page` option to `Emit Behaviour`
    * **ADDED** New config fields - `Page Size`, `Max iterations` and `Return Leads`
    * **ADDED** Metadata
*   **UPDATED** the `Sailor` library version to 2.7.1
*   **UPDATED** to `node v18`

### [Microsoft Dynamics CRM v2 component](/components/msdynamics-crm-v2/) `1.2.2`

*   **FIXED** Output metadata for `Get New and Updated Objects Polling` Trigger
*   **FIXED** Verify credentials fails
