---
title: Product Update - v22.06
description: Details of the product update v22.06 from 10th of February 2022.
layout: rel
version: "22.06"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2022-02-10
redirect_from:
  - /releases/22.06.html
---

## Features

### Step configuration: new design

As we announced in the [22.04 release notes](/releases/22.04) we are introducing
new look and feel for the integration flow step designer.

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2204/eio-step-slide-overview.png" title="New Step Designer" %}

The new step designer includes the following improvement and advancements to the
flow step configuration process:

*   You can view more than one section of the step configuration by opening the desired ones individually. You can expand and collapse all sections.
*   The new view shows more information about used component, like the version, used function and credential ID.
*   We enforce Continue buttons for configuration fields to make it clearer.
*   The passthrough on/off configuration now resides in the Advanced Settings of the Summary section.

## Improvements and Updates

The release {{page.version}} includes lot's of work under the hood. Our team is
working to improve and refactor some of the core microservices.

*   In case the platform detects simultaneous login sessions with the same account user will get notification email providing the details of new session.
*   We reduced your login session timeout time to 24 hours. This means in case of 24 hours inactivity you would need to login to continue using the platform user interface.

### Old local agents removed

With the {{page.version}} we removed the old local agents from the platform. The
code is refactored. You can not request old local agents anymore.
## Components

### [Bigcommerce Component](/components/bigcommerce/) `1.2.0`

*   **ADDED** `Create a Payment` action
*   **ADDED** `Orders` support for lookup (both) and delete actions
*   **ADDED** API versioning to `Make Raw Request` action


### [Flow Linking Component](/components/flow-linking/) `1.0.0`

*   **ADDED** `Trigger another flow` action
*   **ADDED** `Receive trigger from another flow` trigger

### [IPaas Core Component](/components/ipaas-core/) `1.3.0`

We release this component generally. These release notes include all updates
from version `1.0.0` to `1.3.0`

*   **ADDED** `Fetch Dynamic Select Model` action
*   **ADDED** `Fetch Dynamic Metadata` action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Object (Plural)` action
*   **ADDED** `Raw HTTP Request` action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Flow` action
*   **ADDED** `Upsert Flow` action

### [REST API with Arbitrary Token Authentication component](/components/rest-api-token/) `1.0.0`

*   **ADDED** `HTTP request` action
