---
title: Product Update - v22.20
description: Details of the product update v22.20 from 19th of May 2022.
layout: rel
version: "22.20"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2022-05-19
redirect_from:
  - /releases/22.20.html
---

## Improvements and Updates

### Re-authentication for sensitive actions

While working on the platform interface it is possible that users can accidentally
change or delete important or sensitive information.

For such cases we introduce re-authentication for sensitive actions. After
{{page.version}} for the following actions you will be asked to enter your password
to authenticate:

*   Reading, copying and regenerating your API Keys.
*   Modifying your user details.
*   Disabling 2-Factor Authentication (2FA).
*   Inviting members to contracts.
*   Inviting and removing members from workspaces.

> **Please Note**: You will be asked to re-authenticate once every 6 hours.

{% include img.html max-width="40%" url="/assets/img/RN/2220/RN2220-reauth.png" title="Sensitive action re-authentication" %}

### Email verification during registration

To prevent erroneous and bot registrations we introduce email verification step to
our trial registration process. When you register first time with our platform, an email
will be sent to your given email address. Click on the link in your received email
to finish your registration. There are certain rules and restrictions to this process as well:

*   If you register using Single-Sign-on (SSO) Provider (OIDC/SAML) then the platform will not ask to verify your email address since you have verified it with your provider.
*   You must wait for 30 minutes before you can use the same email address to register.
*   The invitation to confirm your email is valid only for 1 day.

> **Please Note**: If you are invited to the platform directly, no email verification will be required.
## Fixed bugs

*   Fixed the error `Cannot add property token, object is not extensible` appears in the platform user interface when trying to evaluate JSONata expressions with `"$count()"`.

## Components

### [PayPal Component](/components/paypal/) `1.3.0`

*   **ADDED** `Receive Instant Payment Notification` trigger
*   **ADDED** `Receive Payment Data Transfer` trigger
*   **ADDED** `Webhook` trigger
*   **ADDED** `Create Object` action
*   **ADDED** `Update Object` action
*   **IMPROVED** input metadata in the `Make a Payment` action


### [Microsoft One Drive Component](/components/onedrive) `1.0.5`

*   **UPDATED** the `component-commons-library` to read and upload attachments through the `Maester`
*   **UPDATED** Sailor version to `2.6.27`
*   **UPDATED** dependencies and addressed the packaged vulnerabilities

### [Shopify Admin Component](/components/shopify/) `1.6.0`

*   **ADDED** validation `HMAC` signature for the `Webhook subscription` trigger

### [Petstore Component Java](/components/petstore-java/) `1.0.6`

*   **IMPROVED** the security by adding an automated vulnerability check run in CI/CD

### [JDBC Component](/components/jdbc/) `2.5.4`

*   **IMPROVED** the security by adding an automated vulnerability check run in CI/CD

### [Vtex Component](/components/vtex/) `1.4.1`

*   **ADDED** `Place Order` action
*   **UPDATED** dependencies and addressed the packaged vulnerabilities
*   **ADDED** the component pusher job to `Circle.ci` configuration.

### [CSV Component v3](/components/csv/) `3.1.4`

*   **FIXED** memory leak on `Emit Batch` behavior for the `Read CSV attachment` action

### Updates to multiple components

As a part of our on-going improvements of integration components, we

*   **UPDATED** Sailor version to `2.6.27`
*   **UPDATED** dependencies and addressed the packaged vulnerabilities
*   **ADDED** the component pusher job to `Circle.ci` configuration.

Here is the list of components for {{page.version}} release.

*   [Marketo component](/components/marketo/) `2.2.4`
*   [AWS S3 Component](/components/aws-s3) `1.4.3`
*   [HJSON Component](/components/hjson/) `1.0.1`
*   [Zoho CRM Component](/components/zoho-crm/) `1.3.2`
*   [Git Protocol Component](/components/git-protocol/) `1.1.3`
*   [Google Spreadsheets](/components/gspreadsheet/) `2.0.2`
*   [Salesforce Component v1](/components/salesforce/) `1.3.9`
*   [Salesforce Component v2](/components/salesforce/) `2.2.2` and `2.2.3`
*   [Simple Trigger Component](/components/simple-trigger/) `1.1.6`
*   [Delta Detection Component](/components/delta-detection/) `2.0.3`
*   [Utility Component](/components/utility/) `1.4.1`
*   [Magento2 Component](/components/magento2/) `1.6.6`
*   [GraphQL Component](/components/graphql/) `1.1.2`
*   [Pub-Sub Component](/components/pub-sub/) `1.0.8`
*   [MongoDB Component](/components/mongodb/) `1.5.9`
*   [CSV Component Old](/components/csv/) `2.2.1`
*   [Dictionary Component](/components/lookup-table/) `1.1.6` a.k.a Lookup Table Component
*   [ZIP Component](/components/zip/) `1.1.5`
*   [XML Component](/components/xml/) `1.3.5`
*   [Meracdo Pago Component](/components/mercado/) `1.0.1`
