---
title: Product Update - v22.22
description: Details of the product update v22.22 from 2nd of June 2022.
layout: rel
version: "22.22"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2022-06-02
redirect_from:
  - /releases/22.22.html
---

## Announcements
## Features

### Flow designer header

To provide more vertical space during the flow design process we changed the flow
designer header behaviour. Now when the left-hand-side menu is closed the action
buttons and statuses merge into the same line with flow title and description.

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2222/RN2222-flow-header-change.gif" title="Flow designer header" %}

When your flow title or description is larger than the available space the visible
text is cropped. By hovering over these fields you can reveal the full text.

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2222/RN2222-hover-message.png" title="Hover to see the description" %}

## Improvements and Updates

### Copy code blocks from published flows

Reusing mappings or code snippets from published flows can accelerate flow development.
You can now select and copy such text from your published flows without first
making a draft of the flow. This feature includes:

*   Any mapping (including JSONata transform views)
*   The selected data sample
*   Any code from the code component
*   Data from retrieved sample

Example shows copied code from the Node.js code component configuration view:

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2222/RN2222-copy-code.png" title="Copy code blocks" %}

### Credential ID permanently shown

Now you can see the IDs of any credentials while browsing through the list of
credentials in the Integrate > Credentials > Component Name view:

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2222/RN2222-credentials-page-ID.png" title="Credential ID in Credentials page" %}

Or while configuring a step in your integration flow:

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2222/RN2222-flow-step-ID.png" title="Credential ID in Flow designer" %}


### REST-API component header configuration

We now obfuscate authentication header values for the REST-API-V2 component. You
will notice this in the Configuration view when `basic` or `api-key` authentication is used.

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2222/RN2222-rest-api-cred.png" title="REST-API-V2 credential" %}


### Re-authentication for sensitive actions (continuation)

This is part 2 of our initiative to prevent accidental or malicious changes to
sensitive data and follows on from release
[22.20](/releases/22/20#re-authentication-for-sensitive-actions).

This time we extend the list of actions for which you will be asked to enter your
password to authenticate:

*   Change user roles in Contracts and Workspaces.
*   Add or remove SSH Keys.
*   Remove member from Contract.

> **Again, please note**: You will be asked to re-authenticate once every 6 hours.
## Fixed bugs

*   Fixed the user interface bug connected with slow loading of the executions page for workspaces containing executions belonging to a deleted user's flows. Now you will see `[Deleted User]` instead.
*   Fixed the bug when `"Cannot perform 'get' on a proxy that has been revoked"` error was shown after evaluation of the JSONata mapping expression.
*   Fixed the Dashboard bug connected with the overlapping axis lines and values.
*   Fixed the bug when Flow Page would not load in case the aggregated flow versions document would exceed 16MB limit in MongoDB.

## Components

### [REST API V2 component](/components/rest-api/)

*   **IMPROVED** the use of platform secrets

### [HJson component](/components/hjson/) `1.0.2`

*   **FIXED** the attachments URL

### [Delta-detection Component](/components/delta-detection/) `2.1.0`

*   **ADDED** `Write Entire Bucket Contents` action
*   **ADDED** `Read Entire Bucket Contents` action

### [utility component](/components/utility/) `1.4.2`

*   **ADDED** `Network Diagnostics` action

### [Ipaas Core component](/components/ipaas-core/) `1.4.0`

*   **UPDATED** `Lookup Flow Hydrates Component Version Info`- making this view dynamic
*   **UPDATED** `Upsert Flow Handles Matching on Semantic Versions` - making this view dynamic
*   **UPDATED** `Lookup Flow Hydrates Pub-Sub Topic Info` - making this view dynamic

### [Zoho CRM component](/components/zoho-crm/) `1.3.4`

*   **FIXED** the attachment processing
*   **FIXED** set the node engine to `16.x` (addresses error with Verify Credentials)
*   **ADDED** environment variable `MAX_FILE_SIZE` to control attachment size limit
*   **UPDATED** component dependencies

### [Magento2 component](/components/magento2) `1.6.7`

*   **ADDED** support for Magento2 versions `2.4.4`
*   **FIXED** the integration tests

### Ukraine-alert component `1.0.0`

*   **NEW** component to receive raid alerts notifications in Ukraine
*   **ADDED** new `Get Ukraine Alerts Polling` trigger
*   **ADDED** new `Webhook` trigger

### [Google spreadsheet component](/components/gspreadsheet) `2.0.3`

*   **IMPROVED** configuration of the timing of calls is now available in the Credentials step
*   **ADDED** configuration of retry attempts to the Credentials step
*   **ADDED** retry logic that helps prevent `Quota exceeded` errors

### [Docuware component](/components/docuware) `1.1.1`

*   **FIXED** bug with data shown in "Search dialog to use" field
*   **FIXED** attachments Url

### [JDBC component](/components/jdbc) `2.5.5`

*   **UPDATED** connection parameter `connectionTimeZone` now defaults to `SERVER` for MySQL connections


### [Paypal component](/components/paypal/) `1.3.1`

*   **ADDED** duplicate check of incoming message for Receive IPN message trigger

### [SFTP component](/components/sftp/) `1.4.8`

*   **FIXED** memory leak for `Download Files/File by name` actions and `Read Files` trigger
*   **UPDATED** component dependencies

### [Salesforce component](/components/salesforce/) `2.2.4`

*   **ADDED** timeout mechanism which allows to retry never-ending requests
