---
title: Product Update - v22.34
description: Details of the product update v22.34 from 25th of August 2022.
layout: rel
version: "22.34"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2022-08-25
redirect_from:
  - /releases/22.34.html
---

## Improvements and Updates

### Informative error messaging for invalid SSH key entries

When we introduced [support for newest SSH versions](/releases/22/14#ssh-keys-and-ssh-88)
for the user SSH keys used to deploy components, we deprecated the old `ssh-dss`
types. If users enter an unsupported or incorrect SSH the user interface now
displays an informative error message instead of simply disabling the 'Save' button.

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2234/RN2234-ssh-key-screen-error.png" title="SSH Key screen in case of Error" %}

### Deployment of Externally Build Dockers

This capability will provide an alternative to Git push deployment of user developed
components and is of interest to enterprise clients wishing to condense entire
integration flows into single custom components and maintain control at the docker level.

At this earliest stages we lay our groundwork by updating the component
`commons` and `api` to support components pull from external docker registries.
The following new attributes were added:

*   `docker_registry` object into the HTTP `POST` call to `/v2/teams/`
    *   `attributes.docker_registry.uri` - Docker Registry URI
    *   `attributes.docker_registry.credentials` - Docker Registry credentials
*   `docker_repo_name` and `docker_target_tag` in the `POST` HTTP call to `/v2/components` (can be set if its team has `docker_registry` object)
    *   `attributes.docker_repo_name` - String representing component's name in docker registry. Available only if team supports docker registry
    *   `attributes.docker_target_tag` - String representing component's tag in docker registry. Available only if team supports docker registry

> Please note, as of this stage these attributes have no functionality attached to them.
## Fixed bugs

*   Fixed the bug when an HTTP `POST` to `/v2/workspaces/:id/secrets/:id/refresh` endpoint would return outdated `access_token` instead of the newly refreshed value.

## Components

### [Qualtrics component](/components/qualtrics/) `1.0.0`

*   **ADDED** `Get New and Updated Objects` polling trigger
*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` action
*   **ADDED** `Upsert Object` action
*   **ADDED** `Generate Custom Distribution Link` action
*   **ADDED** `Getting Survey Responses` action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Object (at most one)` action

### [Google Spreadsheets V2 component](/components/gspreadsheet-v2/) `1.0.1`

*   **IMPROVED** the component behavior in case of `429` status code. Now it will retry the messages with an [exponential backoff](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exponential_backoff).
*   **IMPROVED** the component behavior in case of `5xx` errors. The messages will be retried with an exponential backoff as well.

### [SFTP component](/components/sftp/) `1.5.1`

*   **UPDATED** component the `component-commons-library` to the version `3.0.1`

### [SugarCRM component](/components/sugarcrm/) `1.1.6`

*   **ADDED** `email1` and `email2` fields for metadata of Contacts module in the `Upsert Action`
*   **UPDATED** `elasticio-sailor-nodejs` to `v2.6.29`

### [Shopware V6 component](/components/shopware-6/) `1.0.0`

*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` Action

### [Request-Reply component](/components/request-reply/) `1.2.5`

*   **UPDATED** the `maester-client` library version to `4.0.2`
*   **UPDATED** the `component-commons-library` to the version `3.0.1`

### [Zoho Subscription component](/components/zoho/) `2.0.0`

*   **UPGRADED** authentication mechanism to `OAuth 2.0` and migrated to the Secrets service
*   **UPDATED** the sailor library to version `2.6.29`
*   **UPDATED** build time dependencies
