---
title: Product Update - v22.38
description: Details of the product update v22.38 from 22nd of September 2022.
layout: rel
version: "22.38"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2022-09-22
redirect_from:
  - /releases/22.38.html
---

## Improvements

### Credentials Page: Search by component name

In our quest to improve every aspect of our User Interface, we added a search function
to the Credentials page. When you navigate to Integrate - Credentials you can now
Search by component name to find the credential card you need instead of scrolling
to find it.

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2238/RN2238-credentials-search-by-name.gif" title="Credentials Page: Search by component name" %}

### WebHook Step: Send sample request

When you configure a webhook component step in your integration flow, you can either
**Send sample request** or **Add sample manually**. When you select Send sample
request a WebHook address is provided which you can use to send your example sample.

We also highlight that this address to be used **only one-time** to
send a representative sample which you can use to configure subsequent steps in your
integration flow.

{% include img.html max-width="60%" url="/assets/img/RN/2238/RN2238-webhook-send-sample-request.png" title="WebHook step: send sample request" %}

### REST-API-V2 component POST and PUT body type

To improve the user experience and prevent an accidental JSON data structure pasting
into the Body field while in an Integrator mode, we changed the User Interface
behaviour to default into JSONata mode when an `application/json` content type is
selected for the `POST` and `PUT` HTTP calls.

This change avoids possible errors when users forget to change the input field
settings deom [Integrator to JSONata mode](/guides/mapping-data#jsonata-mode).

{% include img.html max-width="60%" url="/assets/img/RN/2238/RN2238-rest-api-v2-jsonata.png" title="REST-API-V2 step: JSONata mode for POST/PUT" %}

### Run-time environment variables

Components exchange information with various platform services using run-time
environment variables during execution of each step of an integration flow.

We are constantly working to standardise and add new environment variables
to streamline the information exchange. The following environment variables were
added to the run-time:

*   `WEBHOOK_URI` - This environment variable will be available to each step in the flow which exchanges data with the webhook service, eg. [WebHook](/components/webhook/) or [Flow-linking](/components/flow-linking/). This environment variable from the Tenant attributes `webhooks_domain` or from the HELM3 environment variable `WEBHOOKS_BASE_URI` if the Tenant record is missing.

*   `ELASTICIO_CONTRACT_ID` - To help with troubleshooting of errors in multi-contract cases this environment variable will be available during the run-time of every execution including:
    *   Verify credentials
    *   Select model
    *   Dynamic metadata
    *   Generated samples and flow execution

## Updates

### Node.js Sailor version `2.7.0`

A new version of Node.JS Sailor library `2.7.0` is released. This update is
preparatory groundwork for the message persistence feature.

### Java Sailor version `3.4.0`

A new version of Java Sailor library `3.4.0` is released. This update is
preparatory groundwork for the message persistence feature.
## Fixed bugs

*   Fixed the User Interface bug where the execution logs could not be copied.
*   Fixed unexpected behavior of the Time Picker when filtering in the Threads and Execution pages.
*   Addressed the limitation when credentials fields (`oauth` and additional fields, `baseUrl`, etc ) could not be retrieved in the `OAuthFieldView`. Now all fields can be accessed directly from the `cfg` object.

## Components

### Microsoft Dynamics CRM V2 component `1.0.0`

Introducing new component for Microsoft Dynamics CRM.

*   **ADDED** `Make Raw Request` action

### [Marketo component](/components/marketo/) `2.2.5`

*   **FIXED** the bug when non required field would show as required and block configuration of the step.

### [Shopware 6 component](/components/shopware-6/) `1.1.0`

*   **ADDED** new authentication method using `CLIENT_ID` and `CLIENT_SECRET` credentials
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Object (at most one)` action
*   **ADDED** `Lookup Objects (plural)` action
*   **ADDED** `Upsert Object` action
*   **ADDED** `Delete Object By ID` action
*   **ADDED** `Get New and Updated Objects Polling` trigger

### [HJSON component](/components/hjson/) `1.0.3`

*   **UPDATED** the `Sailor` library version to `2.6.29`
*   **UPDATED** the `component-commons` library version to `3.0.2`
*   **FIXED** the vulnerabilities in dependencies

### [Zendesk component](/components/zendesk/) `1.0.2`

*   **UPDATED** the `Sailor` library version to `2.6.29`
*   **UPDATED** the `component-commons` library version to `3.0.2`
*   **FIXED** the vulnerabilities in dependencies

### [VTEX component](/components/vtex/) `1.4.3`

*   **FIXED** output metadata for the `Lookup Object (at Most 1)` action for Object Type - Orders
*   **FIXED** incorrect behavior of the `Allow ID to be omitted` option in the `Lookup Object (at Most 1)` action
*   **UPDATED** the `Sailor` library version to `2.6.29`

### [Shopify component](/components/shopify/) `1.6.5`

*   **ADDED** retry on `429` error (respecting the `Retry-After` header)

### [Hubspot component](/components/hubspot/) `1.5.3`

*   **FIXED** the `Verify` credentials
