---
title: Product Update - v21.14
description: Details of the product update v21.14 from 13th of April 2021.
layout: rel
version: "21.14"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2021-04-13
redirect_from:
  - /releases/21.14.html
---

## Features

### New "Grant Support Access" Button

With {{page.version}} we introduce a new capability to grant support access to
your workspace. Click on **Grant Support Access** button found in the workspace
settings page to add our support representative so he/she can help in troubleshooting.

When you no longer need this help you can click on **Revoke Support Access** button
to remove our representative from your workspace.

> Please note the button **Grant Support Access** changes into **Revoke Support Access** when
> you add the support representative to your workspace.

{% include img.html max-width="100%" url="/assets/img/RN/2114/grant-support.gif" title="Grant Support Access" %}

### Intercom Chat Icon

To make it easier to chat with us we placed the Intercom Chat Icon directly on
the left-hand-side menu for more prominence.

{% include img.html max-width="60%" url="/assets/img/RN/2114/intercom-chat.png" title="Intercom Chat Icon" %}


### Remove component versions

You can now remove versions of components using a new API endpoint
**DELETE** `/v2/components/{COMPONENT_ID}/versions/{GIT_REVISION}`. For more
information refer to the
[API documentation pages]({{site.data.tenant.apiDocsUri}}/v2#/components/delete_components__component_id__versions__version_id_).

You can delete any version of your component unless that particular version is in use
by any integration flow. In this case you will get an error listing the integration
flow IDs where this particular version is in use.


## Improvements and Updates

### Add Flow Info to disable emails for limited workspace.

Added a link to the flow into the letter template wiper-stop-limited-flow


### Dynamic flow control and JVM Sailor

You can disable the dynamic flow control for Java based component which use our
latest `sailor-jvm 3.3.5`. This feature is part of larger development effort to
ensure higher than average platform throughput. **For now, this is in experimentation and exploration phase.**

To disable it use the following parameter in the flow configuration:

```json
{
  "data": {
    "attributes": {
      "nodes_config": {
        "step_1": {
          "disable_dynamic_flow_control": true
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```
## Fixed Bugs

*   Fixed inconsistency when step deletion was incorrectly reflected in the `nodes_config` part of the flow configuration. Now they will be reset to reflect correct step order.
*   Addressed UI crashes caused by deleting secrets which were used in the flow-drafts.
*   Fixed the delay in flow saving in cases when using components with custom metadata.
*   Addressed tool-tip text of `URL` address field in the REST-API component for OEM compliance.


## Components

### Sailor version update in bulk

As a part of the component code audit we updated the Node.js Sailor version to
`2.6.24` in the following components:

*   [Docusign component](/components/docusign/)
*   [Microsoft OneDrive component](/components/onedrive/)
*   [Google PubSub component](/components/google-pubsub/)
*   [Open API Component](/components/open-api/)
*   [Ldap component](/components/ldap/)
*   [AMQP component](/components/amqp/)
