---
title: Product Update - v21.27
description: Details of the product update v21.27 from 8th of July 2021.
layout: rel
version: "21.27"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2021-07-08
redirect_from:
  - /releases/21.27.html
---

## Improvements and Updates

### Node.js Sailor 2.6.26

We released a new Node.js Sailor `2.6.26` which improves the communication and
speed with queueing system. In particular with new sailor we:

*   Return to consume-based approach in communication with RabbitMQ.
*   Improve the re-connections to RabbitMQ.

Here is the [NPM package release link](https://www.npmjs.com/package/elasticio-sailor-nodejs/v/2.6.26).

### Executions page slow loading

With the {{page.version}} release we improved the loading speeds of the execution
threads. In this scope the following improvements were done:

*   Optimised the internal communications between the UI and back-end services.
*   The revised and improved the threads list (execution page) and individual threads pages.
*   The default time intervals for listing the threads is now 7 days instead of previous 30 days.

We also added a new environment variable to the system (`BRAN_RETENTION_MONTHS_MESSAGES`)
This variable defines the number of months to store the data for Executions page.
The default value is `1` (1 month).
## Fixed Bugs

*   Addressed the failed to fetch `step_id` and related problems from amqp routing key in case when an old node.js sailor (earlier than `2.3.0`) library is used in the component.
*   Fixed the problem of hard-coded session secret. A new required environment variable `FRONTEND_SESSION_SECRET` is introduced.

## Components

### [REST API component](/components/rest-api/)

*   **FIXED** OAuth2 authentication strategy limitation: `refresh_token` property is now optional for Access Token Response (also optional in OAuth2 standard).

### [Delta Detection Component](/components/delta-detection)

*   **REFACTORED** to `maester-client` library based on `object-storage-client` library.
*   **UPDATED** to sailor version `2.6.24`.
