---
title: Product Update - v21.31
description: Details of the product update v21.31 from 7th of August 2021.
layout: rel
version: "21.31"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2021-08-07
redirect_from:
  - /releases/21.31.html
---

## Features

### Regenerate your REST API Key

The {{page.version}} introduced a new opportunity to regenerate your personal API
key you use to authenticate your calls with the platform REST API.

You have two options, either using a new **Generate new API Key** button in
[your profile page](/getting-started/user-profile-information#manage-your-api-key) or using a
HTTP `POST` to the new API endpoint `/v2/users/me/generate-api-key`. In both cases
the platform will generate a new API Key and store it in the Database

> **Please Note** Generating a new API key will replace the existing API key. If
> a new API key is generated, then API calls made with the old API key will fail.

### Two-factor Authentication

We introduce two-factor (2FA) login authentication to provide an additional layer of
security. We use Google Authenticator for the 2FA. If the feature is enabled in
the tenant then you can enable it for your account
[following the instructions](/getting-started/user-profile-information#two-factor-authentication) in the profile page.


### Component Whitelisting

With the platform {{page.version}} version we introduce a new feature called **Component Whitelisting**.
In verbatim this means we can enable or disable certain integration components in
each contract based on the list of components - the Component Whitelist. If the
[component whitelist is enabled](#enabling-component-whitelisting) in the tenant
the following rules would apply in each contract:

*   You have access to all components available in your tenant while working in the developer (limited) workspaces.
*   You can only build integration flows using the available components (whitelisted components) in your production workspaces. Not included components would not show in your production workspaces while building an integration flow.
*   You can not export an integration flow from the developer workspace to production workspace if the flow contains a component not included in the whitelist.
*   You can not create a recipe with a contract level access when the recipe uses a component not included in the whitelisted components for the contract.
*   The developer workspace will not be converted to a production workspace in case when at least one step of one flow in your developer workspace uses not whitelisted component.
*   All native components from your contract with `team` access level would still be available in your production workspaces.

### Remove pending Contract invites

With platform {{page.version}} we added support for deleting pending invitations
to contracts using UI and API.

Now you can delete the user invitation by visiting **Members**
section of the **Contract Settings**, scrolling down to find the list of
**Pending Members** and clicking to delete. Check the following
[documentation page for more details](/guides/managing-user-roles-in-a-tenant.html#delete-invitation).

You can also delete the invitation using the
[API call]({{site.data.tenant.apiDocsUri}}/v2#/contracts/delete_contracts__contract_id__invites__invite_id_).
## Fixed Bugs

*   Addressed the problem when it was not possible to join the Contract via invitation letter in case login with OIDC (Login using Google credentials)
*   Fixed UI bug `Invalid '0' value in the required fields with type 'number'`.
*   Addressed and standardised Maester's Redis. Sometimes it used to leave incomplete object keys and Maester would not regard this as problem.

## Components

### [Splitter component](/components/splitter/) `1.2.1`

*   **ADDED** support of maester storage in `Re-assembled message` action (maester-client library 3.3.0)

### [CSV component](/components/csv/) `3.0.0`

> We released a new version of the component which is not backwards compatible.
> Users are encouraged to investigate the CSV component documentation to learn about
> the new component.

The component will not be deployed on top of the old component repository, you can
keep using the old component. At some stage we will deprecate the old one. The new
component is available as `csv-v3` component in your components list.

*   **ADDED** new following actions:
    *   `Read CSV attachment`
    *   `Create CSV From Message Stream`
    *   `Create CSV From JSON Array`

*   **DELETED** the following functions:
    *   `Read CSV attachment` trigger
    *   `Write CSV attachment`
    *   `Write CSV attachment from JSON Array`
    *   `Write CSV attachment from JSON Object`
    *   `Read CSV file from URL`

### [id-linking-component](/components/id-linking/) `1.0.1`

*   **UPDATED** to sailor version `2.6.26`
*   **UPDATED** to Maester client library version `3.0.0`

### [Delta Detection Component](/components/delta-detection/) `2.0.1`

*   **UPDATED** to Maester-client version `3.3.0`

### [Google PubSub component](/components/google-pubsub/) `1.7.3`

*   **FIXED** the bug with not-awaited emits and endless cycle

### [Maester component](/components/maester/) `1.0.0`

We introduce new component for working with platform native object storage called
Maester.

*   **ADDED** the following actions:
    *   `Delete Object`
    *   `Lookup Object (at most one)`
    *   `Lookup Objects`
    *   `Upsert Object`

### [Utility Component](/components/utility/) `1.3.0`

*   **ADDED** new action: `Delay`
*   **UPDATED** the sailor version to `2.6.26` and build type to `docker`
