---
title: Product Update - v21.35
description: Details of the product update v21.35 from 2nd of September 2021.
layout: rel
version: "21.35"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2021-09-02
redirect_from:
  - /releases/21.35.html
---

## Improvements and Updates

### Deprecated components

Starting from the release {{page.version}} you can not choose the deprecated
components to build your integration flows. The following rules will apply:

*   The platform will not show the deprecated components in the designer when adding a new step.
*   For the existing flow steps where deprecated components are used, the platform will show these components until you choose another component instead. After this the deprecated component would be hidden.
*   The platform will not show the deprecated component in the credentials section unless you still have credentials associated with them.


### Improvements for input fields

While mapping the values the platform UI used to hide the buttons below the input
fields for switching between mapping modes (integrator/JSONata) and the mapping preview.
You could see these buttons only when you move you mouse over the input fields.

With {{page.version}} release the mapping modes and previous buttons show permanently.

{% include img.html max-width="80%" url="/assets/img/RN/2135/r2135-input-field.png" title="Input field before and after." %}
## Fixed Bugs

*   Addressed the problem when it was not possible to export the flow to recipe in the same workspace if flow contained components with a Team visibility.

## Components

No new development were made for components in the release {{page.version}}.
