---
title: Product Update - v21.39
description: Details of the product update v21.39 from 30th of September 2021.
layout: rel
version: "21.39"
section: Product Updates
category: product-updates
releaseDate: 2021-09-30
redirect_from:
  - /releases/21.39.html
---

## Features

### Development section

With the platform release version {{page.version}} we introduce a separate
sub-section to the navigation menu to logically separate the component Development
from the rest. A new Development section includes the link to Developer Teams as
well as the try metadata tool (mentioned in the [21.37 release](/releases/21.37#try-metadata-tool)).

{% include img.html max-width="60%" url="/assets/img/RN/2139/rn2139-development-menu.png" title="Development menu." %}

The development teams are no longer linked from the contract management screen.
Contract Members, Workspaces and the Quota Usages are still accessible via the
Contract Settings section.

## Improvements and Updates

The release {{page.version}} contains number of improvements under the hood which
are not obvious for the users. Our team worked hard to:

*   Improve the alerting of some edge cases when some micorservices would report false failed hatchecks.
*   Extend the internal metrics collection from all microservices to Prometheus.
*   Improve error handling for non-2xx responses from the Mandrill which is used to send platform emails. This improvement would allow troubleshoot cases of failed email sends.
## Fixed Bugs

*   Fixed the platform API service response incorrect code (`5xx`) while making an HTTP `POST` call to the `/v2/contracts/{CONTRACT_ID}/(un)suspend`. Now the API responds with `204` if you try to un-suspend an active contract and with `202` if the contract is already suspended and you try to suspend it one more time.

## Components

### [Snowflake Component](/components/snowflake/) `1.0.0`

*   **ADDED** new actions:
    *   `Custom query`
    *   `Insert`
    *   `LookupRowByPrimaryKey`
    *   `DeleteRowByPrimaryKey`
    *   `Select`

### [Shopify component](/components/shopify/) `1.4.2`

*   **ADDED** a new action called `Make Rew Request`
*   **UPDATED** the node.js sailor version to `2.6.26`


### [Splitter Component](/components/splitter/) `1.3.0`

*   **UPDATED** the `Re-assemble message` action. Implemented option to select processing behavior of incoming messages.
